Psychic Game:

1. Display static text (Guess What Letter I'm Thinking Of..., etc.) with the initial variable values (
"0" for 'Wins' and 'Losses' and "9" for 'Guesses Left').
2. Create global variables (randLetter, guess, wins, losses, guess#, guesses[]).
3. Create onkeyup event statement that generates and stores a random letter and compares it to the variable
value which was just entered from the keyboard.
4. Create if statements for the possible outcomes listed below.


How the game works:

Press a key on the keyboard to begin, the 'Wins' and 'Losses' rows will initially display "0" and the
'Guesses Left' row will display "9".  Once the key on the keyboard has been depressed, the computer will
generate a random letter and store it in memory, the 'Guesses Left' row will decrease from 9 to 8 and the
letter you pressed will display in the 'Your Guesses So Far' row.  During this event, the value stored in
the "guesses" array variable will be compared with the value stored in the "randLetter" variable to 
determine a win, loss or continuation of game.  An 'if...' statement will be used to compare the variables
and do the following depending on the result:

Possible outcomes:

Successful guess (trigger the reset.css file?):
-Increase the value stored in the "wins" variable by one and display the value in the 'Wins' row.
-Reset the value stored in the "guessNum" variable back to "9" and display the value in the 'Guesses Left'
row.
-Clear the value(s) stored in the "guesses" array variable used to display the 'Your Guesses So Far' row.

Unsuccessful guess:
-Decrease the value stored in the "guessNum" variable by one and display the value in the 'Guesses Left' row.
-Store the letter value you guessed in the "guesses" array variable and display the value in the 'Your
Guesses So Far' row.

Final guess:
-Increase the value stored in the "losses" variable by one and display the value in the 'Losses' row.
-Reset the value stored in the "guess#" variable back to "9" and display the value in the 'Guesses Left'
row.
-Clear the values stored in the "guesses" array variable used to display the 'Your Guesses So Far' row.

Type a letter, which triggers the 'keyup' event listener and runs a function that generates a random letter.
Once the letter is stored in memory, it should be ran through the conditional 'if...' statements to deter-
mine what to do (see outcomes above).

Once complete create input control measures (if you type a number)